only retrieve pubkey once for all validators (partially fixes #4865) (#4895)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

- [types] [\#4764](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/4764) Return an error if voting power overflows in `VerifyCommitTrusting` (@melekes)
- [privval] [\#4812](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/4812) Retry `GetPubKey/SignVote/SignProposal` a few times before returning an error (@melekes)
- [p2p] [\#4847](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/4847) Return masked IP (not the actual IP) in addrbook#groupKey (@melekes)

> - [consensus] [\#4895](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/4895) Don't excessively query pubkey when collating validator metrics (@joe-bowman)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [consensus] [\#4895](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/4895) Cache the address of the validator to reduce querying a remote validator (@joe-bowman)
```

?
